[Music]
my entire life I've been seen for my
body my height really whether is it for
better for worse people would look at my
height usually look down on me because
that's physically situation and already
make an assumption about my capabilities
especially being a fencer and a girl at
a young age I would go up against
opponents who were my age but so much
taller than me and they would laugh but
I would beat them and my coach always
taught me that when you go to shake
their hand you do it with humility and
respect and you never laugh back in
their face because that's what sport is
really about that's what life is really
about it's about respecting others and I
think that as poteete I've learned
respect from a completely different
level because I know that my body is not
who I am my personality is not what it
is because of my height it's not related
to my height in any way my height is
just what my my vessel and I comment and
I think the message for other petite
women out there who are working on their
body and their body confidence is that
you have to love the way you are today
because beauty and judgement is
something that really changes over time
right now strong as sexy and that's
amazing and we're all enjoying that wave
but it's not always going to be just
like right now tall is also sexy when I
was younger
big butts was not sexy and middle
school's made fun for my big butt and
all of a sudden it's this huge deal now
and
you have to find that inner love for
yourself for your body and for your
height that's really why I started small
etics I really want to create a
community of petites to find that
confidence space within themselves and
find a way to bring it out of themselves
and into the world because our height
really is not what dictates our
abilities our personalities our
qualities
this is really a movement I'm starting
with the short going to redefine petite
and start showing all petite women that
you don't have to be tall to feel tall
height is a feeling and as a five-foot
one petite girl myself
I feel limitless
[Music]